hey you know it it's eBay Jake and I'm
here at Bruce Ross Myers destination
Daytona and beautiful Daytona Beach
Florida and today I got something really
sweet for you guys if you've been
hunting for a custom CBO breakout have
you been searching for a low-mileage
screamin eagle soft tail if you've just
been looking for one of the most custom
soft tails custom Harley's ever created
by the motor company well here's one for
you BAM you're looking at the 2013 CBO
breakout this thing is an absolutely
immaculate condition from tip to tail
I've checked the whole bike out I can't
find a single ding dent scratch scrape
or smudge or mark on this thing this
thing only has check this out I am one
thousand five hundred and eight miles on
the bike one thousand five hundred eight
miles as you can see the CBO Softail
breakout comes with all of your chrome
accessories chrome and rubber grips
chrome switch housings chrome brake
master cylinders you got chrome
hydraulic clutch master cylinders chrome
switch housings custom Harley Davidson
mirrors flush mounted gas can't gas cap
and the super sleek breakout Softail
tank now this bike here this is a part
of Harley's hard candy collection so
this is the Harley Davidson hard candy
collection and the name of the color on
this bike is going to be the gold dust
is the main color on that bike the gold
dust
chrome 21-inch front wheel on the bike
obviously with fifteen hundred and eight
miles on the bike you have little to no
wear and tear is still got almost all
your rubber nabis still on the tire so
very little wear and as you can see no
scratches or scrapes on the front fender
all appears you know just as it did when
it was brand new on the showroom really
cool detail on the gas tank here
the screamin eagle CBO breakout screamin
eagle 110 inch motor the screamin eagle
big air sucker this is a actually a rain
sock for that so you can get a look
without that on there you can take a
look at it that way as well
chrome oil tanks all chrome covers on
everything custom chrome controls and
these do give you about an extra inch
more than the regular soft tails with
these foot pegs that come on the
breakout and this is one of my favorite
parts besides the front and rear wheels
on it check out this tire
Varya 240 millimeters of rubber on the
back of this soft ow supers with the
staggered shotgun exhaust on it
from oil tanks custom Harley Davidson to
PC which is really awesome with just I
took a picture of it but with just one
bolt this back seat pulls off and you
could have a solo Rider
so without saying much more besides the
bike is in awesome condition actually I
do have the factory warranty on this
bike is going to till 929 of 2014 so
9:29 a 2014 is when your warranty is
your full factory warranty is good for
we also just did us a full service on
the bike and if you're in the United
States it will also come with a no cost
to you free of charge a one-year a full
one-year powertrain warranty on this
bike as well I do only have one key and
one key fob for the bike so I have one
key and one key fob for the bike and I
also
have the CBO cover for the motorcycle as
well so that will all be coming with the
motorcycle and that's about it I'm going
to fire this thing up let you hear it
rip real quick
and we're going to throw it on eBay and
I'm going to give you a great deal on a
Buy It Now price and I'll tell you more
about that in a second let's find this
thing up and let you see it in action
alright guys so here's the deal
2013 CBO breakout by it now twenty six
nine and that is going to include our
dealer fees there's no freight or
shipping because it is a pre-owned
motorcycle this bike the story on it in
the way that we got it is is a Co V bike
which stands it's a Co V which is a
company company operations vehicles
company owned vehicle this came from
harley-davidson factory and the
executives there wrote it for about
fifteen hundred miles the only person
that's ever owned this motorcycle is the
actual harley-davidson factory and we
were able to get this from them I I'm
going to do 26 nine all fees except our
electronic electronic documentation
titling fee which is one hundred and
seventy nine twenty six 9.99 I that
doesn't cover your taxes electronic
filing and I'll do free shipping to your
front door inside the United States if
you're outside the United States I'll
give you a five hundred dollar credit
towards shipping so if you need a
shipping quote give me a call I can help
you out with that if you need some
information as far as we know financing
is available so if you need to know your
payments give me a call you call me here
at the store three eight six six seven
one seven one zero zero and just ask for
Jake three eight six six seven one seven
one zero zero or give me a call or text
me on my cell phone six three zero five
three two eight two two seven again that
number six three zero five three two
eight two two seven twenty six 9.99 buy
it now you can deal on a CB o break out
good luck guys